Hello everyone and
welcome to this section.
Here if you are a Windows
user you need to do a few
tweaks to your USB driver so
that your computer is able to use ADB.
Now if you're a Mac and Linux user, you
can go ahead and skip to the next section.
>> Right, so,
let's go ahead and get started.
The first thing that you
need to do is go ahead and
boot up your Android Studio,
as we have here.
We're going to go ahead and create
a new Android Studio project, just so
we get in there, so I'm just gonna go
ahead and click next all the way through.
Click finish.
The reason why we're starting
in Android Studio project is so
we can gain access to the SDK manager.
Now, the SDK manager inside of Android
Studio is essentially where you go to
update your SDK and various other Android
tools such as downloading emulator
images or any other
>> Different OS versions.
>> Yeah, also I think there's a wearables
API in there and stuff like that.
So If you want to play around
with android specific stuff,
SDK manager is definitely the way to go.
So currently we're just waiting for
the project to open.
All right.
So now if you notice,
way up at the top here,
let me go ahead and maximize,
we have this little guy
hiding inside a box.
Go ahead and click that.
As soon as it loads it should be
its own little pop-up window.
All right.
So right now it's fetching
all the updates that we need,
now notice that we have
a bunch of stuff checked off.
What I'm gonna do real quick
is I'm just gonna ahead and
de-select everything, since I don't
wanna install all this stuff.
These are your Android images that
you would probably wanna install.
I'm gonna keep scrolling down.
And here is a support library
that I'm gonna go ahead and
remove, as well as a google USB driver.
Now this is very important.
The USB driver here is
the way you communicate
between your android device and the phone.
So you're going to go ahead and install
this package, and then go ahead and
accept the license and click install.
So it should be a relatively fast install.
Now, we're also gonna take note of where
our SDK is located, which is right here.
All right, so now I'm gonna go ahead and
close this and we can go out and
close Android Studio at
this moment in time.
Next, I wanna go to that directory,
so what I'm gonna do.
So, I'm gonna open up my computer,
go to C, programming, Android, and SDK.
All right, so now from here you wanna
go inside of your extras directory,
go inside Google, and
you're gonna go inside USB driver.
Now, here there's a file
called android_winusb.inf.
I'm going to go ahead and open that,
and I'm just going to use a simple
text editor such as Notepad ++.
As you see here,
there's a bunch of different headers
with a bunch of information.
If we scroll down,
you'll notice this Google.ntx86
has a bunch of gibberish-looking stuff,
as well as this .NTamd64.
This is actually the information
that your USB driver uses in
order to communicate via the inner device,
so we just need to simply modify it.
Inside this text file I have
the information needed for
the DragonBoard 410c.
So what I'm going to do is I'm gonna go
ahead and click on this or drag this all.
>> And do note that we will provide
the proper documentation for
this, so
that you can reference it in case you're
unable to see all of the different
things that we're copying over.
>> Yeah and by no means you should
type this up you should definitely go
ahead and copy it.
So this first section you're
going to go ahead and
find Google.NTX86 and I'm just gonna go
ahead and add it right at the bottom here.
Next, I'm gonna go ahead and
grab this section, and
I am failing today at copying text over.
Actually a really huge skill,
not a lot of people have it.
>> Happens to the best of us.
>> So we're gonna go ahead and
click Enter here.
And now we should have the necessary
information needed to update our
USB driver.
Sometimes this works automatically, other
times it doesn't, so let's go ahead and
just make sure it does.
Gonna go ahead and right click PC.
We're gonna go to Manage.
And essentially what we wanna do is
we wanna go to our Device Manager.
Now, we won't see anything here right now,
so
what we need to do is plug in a USB cable.
So what you want to do is make
sure your Dragon Board is on and
you want to go ahead and
connect the OTG port to the USB port.
>> And we're good.
>> All right.
So we should have it connected.
I'm just going to do a quick scan and
notice here that this popped up right now,
other devices and it says Android,
Android, Android, which is perfect.
Just what we needed.
So what we want to do is we're going to
go ahead and just click the first one and
say update driver software.
We're going to browse
through the computer and
we're just going to go ahead and
browse to where that folder is.
So if we go down to SDK down here,
go into extras, google, USB driver.
And that's perfect,
that's exactly what we want.
Press okay, and press next.
Now sometimes you'll get this error
that either means that your
driver is either updated or
that you might need to configure some
settings in your operating system.
So at this moment in time, we are going to
assume that our software is updated, and
if you run into a lot of
issues you can go ahead and
reference them inside of our document.
So, as a result,
we know how to update our USB drivers and
we hope to see you in the next section.